Update to CI jobs page (#4706)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/continuous-integration.md

- **Concurrent CI checks** &mdash; CI runs triggered by the same dbt Cloud CI job execute concurrently (in parallel), when appropriate
- **Smart cancellation of stale builds** &mdash; Automatically cancels stale, in-flight CI runs when there are new commits to the PR

> - **Run slot treatment** &mdash; CI runs don't consume a run slot

Author: i think this is stale info. removed. happy to add back if i'm mistaken.

Reviewer: CI runs don't consume run slots for free, team, & enterprise accounts

Author: we removed the whole section pertaining to "run slots" in pr #4166 .  the bullet should've been removed from the list too since there's no corresponding H3 anymore. catching that now.

if we want to call this out again, should i go ahead and add the section back with the extra "free, team, enterprise" callout?

Reviewer: gotcha, thanks for the context! yes, i think it would make sense to include it there. thanks ly!

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/example-smart-cancel-job.png" width="70%" title="Example of an automatically canceled run"/>

> ### Run slot treatment

Reviewer 2: non blocker suggestion: took a quick look at the staging for [this section](https://docs-getdbt-com-git-ly-docs-ci-jobs-dbt-labs.vercel.app/docs/deploy/continuous-integration#differences-between-ci-jobs-and-other-deployment-jobs) and it looks like it'd be worth while to have a high-level/overview table or something visualizing the differences.

> CI runs for accounts on the [Enterprise, Team, and Developer plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) don't consume run slots so a CI check will never block a production run. 

Author: per our convo, i added this section back and added the bit about Enterprise, Team, Dev. i went with "Dev" instead of "Free" (per your sugg) to be consistent/align with the pricing page link. hope that works too!

Reviewer: thanks for adding this back in! i see what you mean about the pricing page; however, in the backend, `developer` and `free` are two different plan types; free plans get the same treatment as enterprise (including CI not using run slots), but developer plans _don't_ get this feature

Author: oh i see, interesting. thanks for flagging.

is "free" referring to the 14-day trial?

Reviewer: i'm not sure! i thought they were separate things, but looking at the pricing page is confusing me 😅

Reviewer 2: in the backend, we offer `free` plans to our partners (which have enterprise features). this is how we categorize it in the backend. the developer plan is our forever-free plan as described on our pricing page. our trial plans are labeled as `trial` in the backend and have the same features as our team plans (for 14 days)

Reviewer 2: @knartovich just to clarify the below -- are you saying the feature of  "CI runs not using run slots" don't apply to developer plans? meaning, CI will use up their run slots?

> free plans get the same treatment as enterprise (including CI not using run slots), but developer plans don't get this feature

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 thanks for clearing that up!

> are you saying the feature of "CI runs not using run slots" don't apply to developer plans? meaning, CI will use up their run slots?

yes, this is correct! for enterprise, team, and free plans, CI runs don't count against an account's run slots; for dev plans, they do

Reviewer 2: ah ok thank you for clarifying! @nghi-ly suggested adding this clarifying [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/4706#discussion_r1457577530)

> CI runs for accounts on the [Enterprise, Team](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing), and [Free (trial)](https://www.getdbt.com/signup) plans don't consume run slots so a CI check will never block a production run. 

Reviewer 2: sugg making it more explicit that's it the 14 day trial (nothing to do with a free plan even though they also apply) and switching the emphasis from 'free' to '14-day'. also sugg removing 'accounts on' as it's a little redundant since 'plans' is also in the sentence. 

also i don't believe we often clarify what features are accessible to 14-day free trials in the docs, however, always good to clarify this. (is this a plan pill use case too?)

```suggestion
CI runs won't consume run slots for [Enterprise or Team ](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) plans, or [14-day free trials](https://www.getdbt.com/signup). This ensures a CI check will never block a production run. However, CI runs will count toward run slots for Developer plans.
```

Reviewer 2: or `CI runs won't consume run slots for [Enterprise or Team](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) plans, and the [14-day free trial](https://www.getdbt.com/signup). This ensures a CI check will never block a production run.`

Reviewer: how are the 14-day free trials categorized in the back end? in this case, we _do_ mean the free plan (which should have all the same features as enterprise plans)

Reviewer 2: revised suggestion:
CI runs won't consume run slots for [Enterprise or Team ](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) plans, or [14-day free trials](https://www.getdbt.com/signup). This ensures a CI check will never block a production run. However, CI runs will count toward run slots for Developer plans.

Reviewer 2: @knartovich 14-day free trials are labeled as 'trial' in the backend:
![Screenshot 2024-01-18 at 15 09 39](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/fb4b9237-c2d0-401a-91c1-bb051e99486e)

oh ok so Ly's original below was meant for our partner 'free' plan? i thought it was the 14 day trial bc it had trial in the parenthesis and linked to the trial sign up page 🙈:

> CI runs for accounts on the [Enterprise, Team](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing), and [Free (trial)](https://www.getdbt.com/signup) plans don't consume run slots so a CI check will never block a production run.

Reviewer: > oh ok so Ly's original below was meant for our partner 'free' plan? i thought it was the 14 day trial bc it had trial in the parenthesis and linked to the trial sign up page 🙈

i think we were just confused about what exactly the free plan was 😅 

this _does_ apply to trial accounts, but i'm not sure if that's worth calling out here. these are the backend values that get this feature:
`enterprise`
`free`
`team`
`team_2022`
`trial`
`trial_2022`

does that clear it up?

Reviewer 2: ah gotcha, makes sense! totally agree about the trial call out and said similar [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/4706#discussion_r1457247456) @knartovich but maybe doesn't hurt to callout! we don't _usually_ state whether features are avail for 14-day trials (or our free partner plans for that matter too). 

i do sugg we should callout that dev plans don't get this feature, IMHO. But may be ott

Author: thank you so much, this clears up a lot, @mirnawong1 and @knartovich ! 

i agree we don't have prior art for calling out our trials or the free partner plans. will update so it says team and enterprise.
